Sir, it's a pleasure to serve you.
Yufei, isn't this an old classmate?
He was also a good student with excellent character and study back then.
Why is this a substitute driver?
Li Mingjia
Taxes are really Geng Cheng who doesn't mind talking about them.
Whoever is next to him in school will be unlucky
You're so heartbroken.
Will you be heartbroken?
Otherwise, you cancel the order.
Lest my car be unlucky for three years
You can drive me into the river later.
your home
At least have a good time
It's okay, who made our lives bad?
Hey wait a minute
Haven't eaten yet?
No, I didn't pick up a single job tonight
This is what we just packed to eat while it's hot
Getting ready to go home and feed the dogs
Hey, Geng Cheng, don't be angry.
Is he kidding you?
how
I feel sorry.
I know this poor guy has always had a crush on you
What nonsense are you talking about?
Li Minjia
Not as bullying as you
What's wrong with bullying you?
I might as well tell you another secret.